Sprint 5 changes (#1504)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/business-analysis/change-mgmt/index.md

  publishResources = false
+++

Learn and reflect on these questions, so you can understand how change affects your work.

1. What is [change management](https://youtu.be/wxVgd8h1svU?si=3ckqHAce9mg_zzhA), and how does it affect the BA?

2. What is the difference between change management and organisational change management?

3. What are [scope changes](https://www.lucidchart.com/blog/scope-change-management), and how should you deal with them?

> 4. Would you say that change management conflicts with Agile principles?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. How could change management conflict with Agile principles? How would you handle this conflict pragmatically?
```
